Optimization for SEO, KW "Serverless Frameworks" (#2635)
pulumi/docs: content/docs/intro/vs/serverless.md

---
title: Pulumi vs. Serverless Framework

> meta_desc: Pulumi allows for a more holistic approach than the serverless framework, writing entire applications using an infrastructure-as-code approach.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
meta_desc: Pulumi allows for a more holistic approach than the Serverless Framework, writing entire applications using an infrastructure-as-code approach.
```

Reviewer: The casing matters here.

The Serverless Framework is a tool that makes programming AWS Lambda, Azure Functions, and Google Cloud Functions
easier, by removing much of the boilerplate out of the native cloud providers' development experiences. It generates
the YAML and configuration required for functions, and simplifies uploading code packs to the cloud. The Serverless Framework relies on
the cloud provider's APIs or templating solutions for any provisioning or management beyond the functions themselves.

> Pulumi is more holistic than the Serverless Framework in its focus. In [Pulumi] (https://www.pulumi.com/), you write entire applications -- some parts of which may be serverless

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Pulumi is more holistic than the Serverless Framework in its focus. In [Pulumi] ({{< relref "/" >}}), you write entire applications -- some parts of which may be serverless
```

> Pulumi is more holistic than the Serverless Framework in its focus. In [Pulumi] (https://www.pulumi.com/blog/tag/pulumi/), you write entire applications -- some parts of which may be serverless

Reviewer 2: @97thFloor What is the reason for linking to our blog instead of the home page? Just curious

Author: Good catch @zchase looks like that was a mistake on our end, let's change that to the homepage.

https://serverless.com/blog/serverless-application-for-long-running-process-fargate-lambda/) takes about 38 pages
of explanation, including manual steps and AWS CloudFormation; [the after code using Pulumi](
https://github.com/pulumi/examples/tree/master/cloud-js-thumbnailer) is only about 38 lines of code.

> Follow our blog for updates on [new features] ({{< relref "/blog/tag/new-features" >}}), and if you have any questions about Pulumi, feel free to [contact us] ({{< relref "/contact" >}}) any time.

Reviewer 3: This paragraph seems bolted-on and doesn't seem to be adding much keyword-relevant info, so suggest simply removing it.
```suggestion
```

> Follow our blog for updates on [new features] (https://www.pulumi.com/blog/tag/new-features/), and if you have any questions about Pulumi, feel free to [contact us] (https://www.pulumi.com/contact/) any time.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Follow our blog for updates on [new features] ({{< relref "/blog/tag/new-features" >}}), and if you have any questions about Pulumi, feel free to [contact us] ({{< relref "/contact" >}}) any time.
```
